NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
YEAH! IT'S FINALLY TIME
FOR THE FINAL!
OUR FIRST FINALIST IS THE
MYSTERIOUS BLACK ROSE... AKIZA!
CHALLENGING HER IS THE
SHOOTING STAR FROM
THE SATELLITE SECTOR...
YUSEI FUDO!
[THINKING]
AKIZA, THIS IS OUR MOMENT.
SEIZE THIS OPPORTUNITY
AND INTRODUCE THE WORLD
TO THE TRUE POWER
OF THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
NOW ATTACKKKKK!
[GROANING]
Akiza: LOOK AT YOU UP THERE.
HOPELESS AND ALONE.
NO ONE CAN HELP YOU,
AND NO ONE WANTS TO.
NOW YOU KNOW WHAT
IT FEELS LIKE TO BE ME
IN THIS CRUEL, COLD WORLD.
AAH! UNH!
THAT GIRL'S A WITCH!
CHEATER!
I THINK
I UNDERSTAND IT NOW,
WHAT MAKES YOU TICK,
AKIZA.
YOU ENJOY IT.
ENJOY WHAT?
YOU ENJOY
PEOPLE'S MISERY.
YOU'RE RIGHT...
AND FOR THE REST
OF THIS DUEL...
I REALLY PLAN
ON ENJOYING MYSELF!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
MC: WELCOME BACK
TO THE EXCITEMENT,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
AKIZA APPEARS TO HAVE YUSEI FUDO
RIGHT WHERE SHE WANTS HIM.
CAN HE ESCAPE THE REACH OF THE
BLACK ROSE'S ROSE TENTACLES,
OR WILL HIS LIFE POINTS GET
SQUEEZED INTO SUBMISSION?
LET'S WATCH AND FIND OUT.
WELL, YUSEI...
[GRUNT]
IT'S MY TURN,
AND I ACTIVATE IVY SHACKLES!
AND WITH THIS SPELL,
I CAN NOW TURN
YOUR SPEED WARRIOR
INTO A PLANT-TYPE MONSTER.
BEFORE YOU KNOW IT,
YUSEI,
YOUR ENTIRE FIELD'S
GOING TO LOOK LIKE
ONE GIANT GREENHOUSE.
SO WITH YOUR WARRIOR
NOW UNDER THE CONTROL
OF MY ROSE TENTACLES,
SHE CAN NOW ATTACK YOU
AN EXTRA TIME THIS ROUND!
YOU SAID I ENJOYED
OTHER PEOPLE'S MISERY.
WELL, THEN I GUESS
I SHOULD REALLY ENJOY THIS,
SHOULDN'T I?!
[THINKING]
OH, MAN.
EVEN THOUGH MY WARRIOR'S
IN DEFENSE MODE,
HE CAN'T PROTECT ME
FROM BOTH ATTACKS!
NOW, ROSE TENTACLES,
ATTACK! THRASH HIS WARRIOR!
GO,
ROSE RETALIATION!
UNH!
[SHOUTING]
OH, AND BY THE WAY,
MY ROSE TENTACLE'S POWER
DOESN'T STOP THERE.
SINCE YOUR WARRIOR
IS UNDER HER CONTROL,
YOU NOW TAKE 300 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE!
[GRUNTING]
UNH!
HMM.
AKIZA, LISTEN.
DON'T DO THIS!
HUH?! DON'T DO WHAT?
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY?
WELL,
I DON'T DO CHARITY!
THEN I PLAY MY TRAP:
CARD DEFENSE!
SO BY REMOVING ONE OF
THE CARDS IN MY HAND,
MY TRAP'S EFFECT
CANCELS YOUR DIRECT
ATTACK,
AND THEN IT ALLOWS ME
TO DRAW A NEW CARD
TO REPLACE IT.
IT'LL TAKE MORE THAN
THAT TO STOP ME!
AKIZA,
YOU HAVE TO LISTEN.
YOU CAN'T KEEP DUELING
WITH THIS ANGER.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, UNTIL YOU'VE BATTLED
IN MY DUEL DISK,
SAVE IT!
I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP!
WE'LL SEE!
I SUMMON
JUNK SYNCHRON.
AND THANKS TO HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO SAY HELLO AGAIN
TO SPEED WARRIOR!
Computer: SPEED WARRIOR
IS A LEVEL 2 WIND ATTRIBUTE
WARRIOR TYPE MONSTER
THAT HAS 900 ATTACK POINTS
AND 400 DEFENSE POINTS.
AND NOW I'M TUNING
MY JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY SPEED WARRIOR
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
NEXT I'M GOING TO
ACTIVATE THE EQUIP SPELL
JUNK BARRAGE,
WHICH GIVES MY WARRIOR
A POWER BOOST!
ALL RIGHT PAL, NOW
ATTACK ROSE TENTACLES!
[GROWLING]
AND NOW THE EFFECT
OF MY JUNK BARRAGE
ACTIVATES!
SO AS SOON AS MY WARRIOR
DESTROYED YOUR GARDEN
GONE WILD,
YOU LOSE LIFE POINTS
FOR EACH OF
ROSE TENTACLES'
ATTACK POINTS!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE UP.
THAT WAS A BIG ROUND FOR YUSEI!
NOW WILL JUNK WARRIOR MAKE
"TRASH" OUTTA THE BLACK ROSE??!!
[JEERING]
TAKE THAT, YOU WITCH!
GET HER OUTTA HERE!
ALL RIGHT!
YUSEI'S GOT THIS!
I KNOW!
YA SEE THAT COMBO,
GRAMPS?
HE'S ON A ROLL!
I PREFER A NICE BIALY.
[THINKING]
THERE'S SOMETHING DIFFERENT
ABOUT THE WAY YUSEI'S DUELING.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE HE'S HOLDING
BACK AND TRYING TO "HELP" AKIZA.
YOU WANT COMBOS?
WATCH!
FIRST OF ALL, SINCE MY
SPELL CARD IVY SHACKLES
IS STILL IS IN EFFECT,
YOUR WARRIOR BECOMES
A PLANT-TYPE MONSTER.
NEXT UP, I'M SUMMONING
MY COPY PLANT
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I BET YOU CAN
GUESS WHAT ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY IS
JUST FROM ITS NAME.
BUT IN CASE
YOU WEREN'T PAYING ATTENTION,
IT CAN COPY THE LEVEL
OF ANY OTHER PLANT
MONSTER ON THE FIELD,
AND SINCE YOUR WARRIOR
IS UNDER THE CONTROL
OF MY ROSE TENTACLES,
MY COPY PLANT NOW BECOMES
A LEVEL 5 MONSTER!
I'M NOT SURE
I LIKE WHAT SHE'S
PLANNING TO DO, KIDS!
SHE'S GOT YUSEI
BACKING INTO A CORNER.
AND NOW THAT I HAVE
THE TUNER MONSTER
COPY PLANT
ON MY FIELD,
I CAN TRIGGER
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF MY DARK VERGER
THAT'S IN MY GRAVEYARD
TO SUMMON UP
YOUR DESTRUCTION, YUSEI!
HERE COMES
THE COMBO SHE WAS
TALKING ABOUT!
OH, MAN,
THIS AIN'T GOOD!
[GRUNT]
GET READY...
BECAUSE NOW I CAN
USE MY MONSTERS
FOR A SYNCHRO SUMMON!
I TUNE MY COPY PLANT
WITH MY DARK VERGER
TO CREATE
MY ULTIMATE MONSTER!
I SUMMON
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
[ROARING]
Akiza: GET READY
TO FEEL THE FURY
OF MY BLACK ROSE DRAGON,
YUSEI!!!
[ROARING]
[GASP]
BECAUSE AS SOON
AS IT'S SUMMONED
TO THE FIELD,
I CAN ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
SO BY TAKING A PLANT-TYPE
MONSTER FROM THE GRAVEYARD
AND THEN REMOVING IT
FROM PLAY,
I CAN CHOOSE ONE OF
YOUR MONSTERS
AND SEND ITS ATTACK POINTS
TO ZERO!
I'LL SACRIFICE WALL OF IVY.
IT'S A SMALL PRICE TO PAY
TO TAKE OUT ALL
YOUR JUNK WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS!
NOT JUNK WARRIOR!
THAT TIN CAN'S
WORTHLESS NOW.
THERE'S NOTHING
THAT HE CAN DO!!
BLACK ROSE DRAGON, ATTACK!
HE MIGHT NOT BE ABLE
TO HELP ME,
BUT GUESS WHO CAN!
BY REMOVING
MY SHIELD WARRIOR
FROM PLAY,
I CAN SAVE
JUNK WARRIOR
FROM BEING
DESTROYED!
BUT YOU'RE STILL
GOING TO FEEL THE WRATH
OF MY DRAGON!
NOT IF I PLAY THIS:
MY SPIRIT FORCE!
SO NOW ALL THE DAMAGE
FROM YOUR DRAGON'S
ATTACK IS NEGATED!
AAH!
[GASP]
OH, MAN, HER POWER'S
GETTING OUT OF CONTROL.
I BETTER
FINISH THIS DUEL BEFORE
SOMEONE GETS HURT!
WITH THE POWER
OF MY SPIRIT FORCE,
I'M BRINGING BACK
JUNK SYNCHRON
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
WELL, LET'S SEE
WHAT THAT HUNK OF JUNK CAN DO
AGAINST TWO FACEDOWNS.
YOU RUINED MY SEATS!
YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW MUCH THEY COST ME?!
SHE'S DANGEROUS!
JUST SEND HER AWAY!
Man: NO ONE LIKES YOU!
[CROWD CHANTING, "FREAK!"]
JUST KEEP IT UP.
JUST KEEP
PUTTING ME DOWN.
I KNOW IT MAKES YOU
FEEL GOOD.
BUT NOW LET ME SHOW YOU
WHAT MAKES ME FEEL GOOD!
ITS TIME TO SHOW YOU
WHAT MISERY REALLY IS!
MY WHOLE LIFE,
I'VE TRIED TO IGNORE
ALL THE TEASING
AND NAME CALLING,
BUT YOU CAN'T IGNORE
THE PAIN THAT IT CAUSES
FOREVER, YUSEI.
I'LL MAKE THEM STOP!
[THINKING]
I HAVE TO HELP HER
BEFORE SHE DOES
SOMETHING SHE'LL REGRET.
IF I SHOW HER THAT
HER POWER IS A GIFT
AND NOT A CURSE,
MAYBE SHE'LL STOP
CAUSING ALL THIS PAIN!
IT'S MY MOVE!
[THINKING]
NICE!
WITH PREVENTION STAR,
I CAN STOP
ONE OF HER MONSTERS
FROM ATTACKING!
I BETTER HOLD ONTO IT
FOR LATER.
I GOT A FEELING
THE BIG DOGS ARE
COMIN' OUT SOON!
I SUMMON JUNK SYNCHRON
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND THANKS TO
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
SPEED WARRIOR IS
SUMMONED AUTOMATICALLY!
ALL RIGHT! AND NOW SPEED
WARRIOR'S ATTACK POINTS
GET TRANSFERRED OVER
TO JUNK WARRIOR!
THAT'S NOT JUST
A "SPECIAL" ABILITY,
THAT'S LIKE A TOTALLY WICKED
DOUBLE-BACKFLIP WITH CHOCOLATE
SPRINKLES ABILITY!
[THINKING]
STARDUST DRAGON!
PERFECT!
NOW I TUNE
JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY JUNK WARRIOR!
MEET MY FRIEND:
STARDUST DRAGOOOOOOOON!
[ROARING]
MC: IN ALL MY YEARS OF
BROADCASTING,
I HAVE NEVER SEEN A MONSTER
LIKE THIS!
IF YOU'RE WATCHING FROM HOME,
DO NOT ADJUST YOUR SCREEN.
IT'S AS UNBELIEVABLE
AS IT APPEARS!
THAT'S HIS DRAGON!
THAT'S THE CARD
JACK GAVE HIM!
WAIT A SEC!
WHY WOULD YUSEI
BRING OUT A MONSTER
THAT'S WEAKER
THAN HIS WARRIOR?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S LIKE HE'S TRYING
TO SAY SOMETHING
TO THE BLACK ROSE!
SHE'S GOT
NO CHANCE NOW!
LOOK AT THAT!
IT'S HUGE!
NOT BAD.
EXCELLENT.
TWO DRAGONS?!
MC: GET READY, PEOPLE!
THESE TWO DRAGONS
ARE ABOUT TO DO BATTLE!
Akiza: YOU BROUGHT OUT
THAT DRAGON
TO REMIND ME
OF ALL THE PAIN
THAT DETESTABLE MARK
ON MY ARM HAS CAUSED ME?
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
HUH?
DO YOU REALLY BELIEVE
THAT BECAUSE WE BOTH
HAVE THIS MARK IN COMMON
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M FEELING
AND WHAT I'VE BEEN THROUGH?
I'M JUST SHOWING YOU
YOU'RE NOT AS DIFFERENT
AS YOU THINK!
I DON'T HAVE TO BE
YOUR ENEMY,
I COULD BE YOUR FRIEND!
"FRIEND"?
WHO SAYS I WANT A FRIEND?
WE BOTH HAVE
THESE STUPID MARKS.
AND NO MATTER WHAT WE DO,
WE'LL ALWAYS BE OUTCASTS.
GET IT?
OUR FATE IS TO BE ALONE.
MY FAMILY,
MY CLASSMATES,
EVERYONE I'VE EVER KNOWN,
I'VE HURT.
THAT'S WHY HAVING FRIENDS
ISN'T A CHOICE.
IT'S SOMETHING
THAT I CAN NEVER DO.
AND THAT'S WHY
IT'S SO MUCH EASIER
TO WEAR A MASK.
IT'S AMAZING HOW LITTLE
YOU CARE ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE
WHEN YOU CAN LIVE BEHIND
A WALL OF PLASTER AND PAINT,
EVEN IF IT IS ONLY
THE SIZE OF YOUR FACE.
AND SO I DUELED WITH IT...
I WON WITH IT,
AND I LIVED WITH IT.
SOME HAVE SAID
IT'S TIME TO MOVE ON,
TO "SHOW MY TRUE FACE
TO THE WORLD,"
BECAUSE MAYBE THEN PEOPLE
WOULDN'T FEAR MY ABILITIES.
MAYBE THEN I COULD
LIVE A NORMAL LIFE,
OR AT LEAST
AS CLOSE TO NORMAL
AS PEOPLE LIKE US
CAN GET.
MAYBE EVEN HAVE A FRIEND.
BUT YOU HEARD THE CROWD,
DIDN'T YOU, YUSEI?
THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND ME.
80,000 PEOPLE ARE SHOUTING
THEY'RE AFRAID OF ME!
DON'T LISTEN TO THEM!
LISTEN TO ME!
I NEED MY MASK!
WHY ARE YOU TRYING
TO HELP ME, YUSEI?
BECAUSE I KNOW YOU!
YOU KNOW WHO?
THE SCARED GIRL?
MAYBE THE FACE
BEHIND THE MASK?
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO BE THE OUTCAST!
I'M FROM THE SATELLITE!
YOU THINK PEOPLE HERE
LIKED WHAT THEY SAW
IN ME?!
YOU CAN'T STAY AFRAID!
YOU CAN'T HIDE
BEHIND A MASK FOREVER!
YOU'RE WRONG.
[THINKING]
I DIDN'T WANT IT
TO COME TO THIS, AKIZA,
BUT YOU'VE LEFT ME
NO CHOICE!
STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTACK WITH
COSMIC FLARE!
[ROARING]
UNH!
OHH!
[GROAN]
HUH?
[WHIMPER]
HEY! YOUR ARM!
[GRUNT]
DON'T WEAR THAT MASK!
SORRY, BUT I'VE ALREADY
MADE MY DECISION.
I...NEED THE MASK.
WITHOUT IT,
IT'S TOO EASY TO BE HURT.
NICE MASK!
SCAREDY CAT!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
YUSEI. AKIZA'S MINE.
YOU CAN'T RESCUE HER
FROM FATE.
LISTEN.
NO! YOU LISTEN!
IT'S MY MOVE,
AND I ACTIVATE MAGIC PLANTER.
SO BY REMOVING
MY IVY SHACKLES FROM PLAY,
I GET TO PLANT
TWO NEW FACEDOWNS.
AND NEXT, I'LL PLAY
ONE OF THEM: DARK TUNING!
FOR THE LOW PRICE
OF 800 LIFE POINTS,
I CAN SUMMON
ANY SYNCHRO MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND I'M BRINGING BACK
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET,
BECAUSE NOW I CAN EQUIP
WICKED REBORN TO MY DRAGON.
SHE MIGHT NOT BE ABLE
TO ATTACK THIS TURN,
BUT AS LONG AS
SHE'S EQUIPPED WITH THIS CARD,
BLACK ROSE DRAGON CAN BE
RE-SUMMONED AT THE END
OF EACH AND EVERY ROUND.
SO FOR THOSE OF YOU
IN THE BACK OF THE CLASS,
THAT MEANS IF IT'S EVER
DESTROYED IN BATTLE
OR BY SOME SPECIAL SPELL,
IT COMES BACK
AS GOOD AS NEW
AT THE END OF MY TURN.
HUH!
OH, AND LAST
BUT NOT LEAST,
WHEN BLACK ROSE DRAGON
IS SPECIAL SUMMONED,
ALL THE CARDS
ON YOUR FIELD ARE DESTROYED.
SO SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR PATHETIC PET!
[GROANING]
HOLD ON TIGHT!
STAY TOGETHER!
[YELLING]
[THINKING]
YUSEI!
I GOTTA STOP THIS!
I ACTIVATE STARDUST'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
IT MIGHT BE
A BIG PRICE TO PAY,
BUT SACRIFICING
MY DRAGON
DESTROYS YOURS
AND ALL OF ITS POWERS.
IT'S A DRAGON,
FOR A DRAGON!
[ROARING]
LOOK! HE STOPPED HER!
BUT HE LOST
STARDUST DRAGON!
WHAT NOW?!
YOUR HEART
WILL BE YOUR UNDOING.
YOU MAY HAVE RID
THE FIELD OF MY DRAGON,
BUT LET'S SEE HOW YOU HANDLE
PHOENIXIAN SEED!
AND SINCE WE'RE
SACRIFICING CARDS TO
ACTIVATE SPECIAL ABILITIES,
I'LL SOW MY SEED TO REAP
PHOENIXIAN CLUSTER AMARYLLIS!
Computer: WHEN THE MONSTER CARD
PHOENIXIAN CLUSTER AMARYLLIS
IS IN YOUR GRAVEYARD,
IT IS AUTOMATICALLY RE-SUMMONED
IN DEFENSE MODE
AT THE END OF YOUR TURN.
AND BEFORE YOU START
IN AGAIN WITH
"DON'T DUEL IN ANGER,"
LET'S SEE IF YOU CHANGE
YOUR TUNE AFTER I DESTROY
ANOTHER OF YOUR MONSTERS?
AMARYLLIS, ATTACK!
[GRUNTING]
BUT IT DOESN'T END THERE,
BECAUSE ONCE
AMARYLLIS ATTACKS,
IT SELF-DESTRUCTS,
CAUSING ANOTHER
800 POINTS IN DAMAGE.
THIS SHOULD HURT A LITTLE.
AAH!
TOLD YA.
[CHUCKLE]
I'LL END WITH A FACEDOWN.
THIS ROUND'S NOT EVEN
CLOSE TO BEING OVER,
AKIZA!
REMEMBER: I USED
STARDUST DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
AND THAT MEANS
HE COMES BACK!
WELL, THEN,
I GUESS OUR TWO BEASTS
WILL HAVE TO
BATTLE IT OUT AGAIN!
THIS IS THE BEGINNING
OF YOUR END!
I RE-SUMMON
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
AND WITH IT ON THE FIELD,
I NOW ACTIVATE MY TRAP:
OVERDOOM LINE!
SO NOW THE MONSTER I JUST
SUMMONED FROM MY GRAVEYARD
GAINS 1,000
ATTACK POINTS!
AND TO KEEP MY DRAGON
COMPANY,
I'M ACTIVATING AMARYLLIS'
SPECIAL ABILITY,
WHICH ALSO ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON IT
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
IT'S YOUR TURN, YUSEI.
I DRAW, THEN...
[THINKING]
COSMIC BLAST.
NOW IF MY DRAGON
EVER LEAVES THE FIELD,
IT CAN STILL
DEAL DAMAGE TO AKIZA!
I KNOW THE ONLY WAY
TO HELP HER
IS TO DEFEAT HER,
AND I'M STARTING TO SEE
JUST THE COMBO TO DO IT!
I TAKE
MY STARDUST DRAGON
AND SWITCH IT
TO DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL
PREVENTION STAR.
AND SINCE
MY STARDUST DRAGON
IS IN DEFENSE MODE,
I CAN EQUIP THE POWER OF
PREVENTION STAR TO IT.
AND NOW I GET TO PREVENT
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
FROM ATTACKING
OR CHANGING
ITS BATTLE POSITION!
AND I THINK
I'LL FREEZE UP
YOUR PHOENIXIAN
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS!
AWESOME!
YUSEI NEVER WOULD HAVE
SURVIVED ANOTHER ROUND
WITH AKIZA'S AMARYLLIS
STILL IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW LET'S SEE
IF HE CAN TURN
THIS DUEL AROUND!
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
SYNCHRO BACK!
NOW, BY REMOVING
ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
FROM MY FIELD,
I CAN RE-SUMMON IT
NEXT TURN.
AND WHO BETTER
THAN MY BLACK ROSE DRAGON,
YUSEI?
WHAT'D SHE DO?
DON'T YOU GET IT,
GRAMPS?
WHEN SHE SPECIAL SUMMONS
HER DRAGON NEXT ROUND,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES,
DESTROYING
ALL OF YUSEI'S CARDS!
YEAH! SO SHE'LL
TAKE OUT YUSEI'S
STARDUST DRAGON,
AND THAT'LL
LEAVE HIM WIDE OPEN
FOR A DIRECT ATTACK!
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HE CAN DO
TO BEAT AKIZA, GUYS!
[GASPING]
I'LL END
BY THROWIN' DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
IT WON'T HELP YOU!
[GRUNT]
BECAUSE THANKS TO
MY SYNCHRO BACK'S EFFECT,
BLACK ROSE DRAGON
COMES BACK TO THE FIELD!
[GROANING]
IT'S YOUR SIGN!
I WISH IT WAS GONE!
BUT IT'S A PART OF YOU!
IT'S PART OF ALL OF US!
HAVING THIS MARK
DOESN'T MAKE YOU
A WITCH, AKIZA,
IT MAKES YOU SPECIAL!
I KNOW OTHER PEOPLE
DON'T SEE THAT,
AND I KNOW IT HURTS.
BUT WHEN YOU
GET ANGRY AT THEM,
YOU'RE ONLY HATING
YOURSELF!
THE PAIN YOU FEEL
FROM THAT MARK
IS SHARED BY ME
AS WELL.
IT'S TRYING TO
BRING US TOGETHER,
TO STRENGTHEN US.
I DON'T
UNDERSTAND IT YET,
BUT THIS PAIN IS
SOMEHOW UNITING US.
WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT IT WANTS, AKIZA!
BUT FIRST,
YOU MUST REALIZE
THAT YOU ARE NOT ALONE,
THAT WE'RE CONNECTED,
WE'RE ALL CONNECTED.
WE'RE ALL GOING TO
HAVE TO MAKE A CHOICE.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO BAND TOGETHER
IN ORDER FOR THIS
TO ALL MAKE SENSE.
EMBRACE YOUR DRAGON!
IT'S BEAUTIFUL,
JUST LIKE YOU ARE
UNDER THAT MASK.
I'M NOT BEAUTIFUL.
PEOPLE DON'T LIKE ME.
AND IT'S THIS MARK
THAT'S CAUSED
ALL THE SUFFERING
I'VE HAD TO LIVE THROUGH.
YOU'RE RIGHT!
BUT IF YOU STAY MAD,
YOU'LL ALWAYS SUFFER!
[GASP]
SO JUST ACCEPT IT?
EMBRACE IT?
FORGET THE PAST?!
HATE'S ALL I KNOW!
THIS DISCUSSION IS OVER.
I ACTIVATE
BLACK ROSE DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
[SHOUTING]
ALL YOUR CARDS
ARE DESTROYED,
ALONG WITH THIS STADIUM!
I WON'T LET YOU
DO THIS!
I USE: MY DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
I'LL SACRIFICE HIM,
TO STOP
THIS DESTRUCTION!
STOP FIGHTING, AKIZA!
IT'S OVER!
THE DRAGON INSIDE YOU
WASN'T MEANT TO DESTROY!
SHE'S GONE.
BLACK ROSE DRAGON'S GONE.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
WE'RE FINISHED HERE, YUSEI.
PREVENTION STAR'S
GONE, TOO,
WHICH MEANS AMARYLLIS
CAN NOW ATTACK.
BUT YOU STILL HAVE
THAT FACEDOWN, YUSEI,
DON'T YOU?
THE QUESTION IS,
WILL IT BE ENOUGH?
YOU'VE WASTED YOUR TIME
TRYING TO SAVE ME,
NOW ITS TIME TO SEE
IF YOU CAN SAVE YOURSELF.
LET'S SEE
IF YOU CAN STOP ME!
I NEVER WANTED
TO STOP YOU,
I WANTED TO SAVE YOU.
HUH?
AND I INTEND TO
WITH COSMIC BLAST!
NOW, BECAUSE
STARDUST DRAGON
LEFT THE FIELD,
YOU LOSE LIFE POINTS
FOR ALL OF ITS
ATTACK POINTS.
YOU WOULD'VE
SEEN IT COMING
IF YOU WEREN'T HIDING
BEHIND THAT MASK.
OHH!
OH.
[GASP]
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE BLACK ROSE IS CRYING.
AKIZA!
Sayer:
IS NOT YOUR CONCERN.
I THINK YOU'VE CAUSED ENOUGH
DAMAGE FOR ONE DAY, MR. FUDO.
AKIZA'S COMING HOME
WITH ME.
IT'S OKAY. YOU TRIED.
NEXT TIME,
YOU'LL DO BETTER.
ALL RIGHT!
SHE LOST!
DON'T FORGET
YOUR MASK!
MC: THE WINNER OF THE DUEL IS
YUSEIIIIIII FUUUUUDOOOOOOOO!
[THINKING]
THANK YOU, YUSEI.